Fix naming issues (#374)
eclipse-ankaios/ankaios: doc/docs/usage/quickstart.md

ank -k delete workload helloworld
```

> !!! Note
> 
>     In case of workload names, the naming convention states that thier names shall:
>     * contain only regular upper and lowercase characters (a-z and A-Z), numbers and the symbols "-" and "_"
>     * have a minimal length of 1 character
>     * have a maximal length of 63 characters
>     Also, agent name shall contain only regular upper and lowercase characters (a-z and A-Z), numbers and the symbols "-" and "_".
> 

Reviewer: Maybe we can keep the notes shorter: 
```suggestion
!!! Note

    Workload names shall not be longer then 63 symbols and can contain only regular characters, digits, the "-" and "_" symbols.
```
